Note: All tests will be conducted in the localhost:3000 environment established by the Docker containers.

Test #1: Adding friends
To test that a user can add a friend to their list of friends, we will test that the new friend is in the database within the users table.
From there, the friend should be able to see that they have a new friend request on their profile page. Should this person choose to, they
should be able to accept the friend request. To test this, we will check that both users’ respective user_to_friends tables have been 
updated. Additionally, their profile page should reflect this update with details like an increased “friend count”.

Test #2: Transfer walk data to a friend
Test that after a walk the data can be transferred to a friend so they can add it under their own routes. Verify that the friend is in 
our friends list and the route is in our walk list. When we share the route the friend should see an accept or reject the route. The walk 
data if accepted should be duplicated into the friends walks database. Once in the database we test that the friend can  see the walk 
data under their own routes.

Test #3: Writing a review of a trail
For a user to write a review of a trail, they should start by visiting the page for that trail. From there, they should see an option to 
write a review for the trail. On selecting that button, they should see a form for the review, containing selectors to rate their overall 
satisfaction with the trail and its difficulty, as well as a text box for a detailed description. This will be tested by ensuring that 
the HTML form appears when the user selects the “Add Review” button. Once the user has filled out the form, they can select 
“Submit Review”, which will then post the review to the website. This will include changing the average satisfaction and difficulty 
averages based on the new data, updating the number of reviews, and adding the review description to the reviews page for that route. 
To test this, we will ensure that the trails_to_reviews, trails_to_difficulty, and trails_to_ratings tables are updated correctly.
